Avoid re-parsing the netloc when changing user/pass/host/port (#1229)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1229.misc.rst

> Significant improve performance of :class:`~yarl.URL` methods that modify the network location -- by :user:`bdraco`.

Author: ```suggestion
Improved performance of :class:`~yarl.URL` methods that modify the network location -- by :user:`bdraco`.
```
